[Music]
whoa hey everyone my name is Charlie and
for a long time I lived with the most
amazing family ever I had everything I
needed tasty snacks and all the love and
belly rubs a dog could ask for but one
day everything changed it was just
another ordinary day I woke my humans up
had breakfast and was about to take a
nap when my best friend in the world
Jenny said that we have to go yay I
guess we were up for an adventure when I
jumped to my seat in the car I was
really excited where were we going this
time what were we gonna do it must be
something really special I love being in
the car so the next few minutes were the
best and I stuck my head out to see all
the buildings and trees passing by the
only thing that bothered me was that she
was on her phone the whole time the car
finally stopped and I jumped out to
stretch my legs and run around a little
we were in the biggest most beautiful
field I'd ever seen oh I get it we were
going for a walk right but as I started
sniffing around and looking for a fun
stick to play with Jenny jumped back in
the car and quickly drove away okay
maybe this was a whole new level of
hide-and-seek we loved to play in the
house or maybe it was like that movie we
saw together when one dog waited for
their owner to get back every day I
assumed that was that and I just had to
wait for Jenny to come back then she'd
give me a treat for being a good boy as
she always said so I did what I had to
do I've waited for Jenny watching other
cars passing by the next car would be
Jenny's okay not that one but the next
one had to be hearse or not it was
getting darker and a wild thought popped
into my head
what if Jenny wasn't coming back
at that moment I realized I should
probably go back home on my own so I
started walking it was getting even
darker and colder and I was really
hungry after some time I came across a
garbage can and couldn't help but look
inside somebody left a couple of hotdogs
in there they definitely didn't smell
fresh but I was so hungry that I gulped
them up and kept walking home all this
time I couldn't help but wonder what I'd
done wrong
what they were punishing me for I was
kind of bad lately true but they were
always cool about that it was starting
to get really late and I was so tired
that I decided to sleep for a while I
found a dirty rug of some sort next to
some other garbage cans got under it to
keep at least a little bit warm and fell
asleep
I woke up to the sound of beeping horns
what what was going on why had I fallen
asleep under a rug anyway it was time to
wake Jenny and Michael up plus I had a
weird dream last night but as I got out
from under the rug
I realized that it wasn't a dream this
really did happen I felt so lonely
abandoned and hungry
I found another almost rotten snack on
the ground and decided to keep walking I
eventually got to this place with tons
of people walking by and cars everywhere
I was completely lost some of the humans
just gave me a weird look and walked
around me others tried to pet me I felt
so scared and overwhelmed by the whole
thing that I ran and hid in the first
alley I could find but there I faced
another problem well there were two
other dogs in there they definitely
didn't seem happy to see me hey I'm just
trying to find my home oh just be on my
way now what home one of them said I
told them the whole story about me and
Jenny I explained how I got there and
asked them whether they saw a house like
mine nearby when I finished the other
one said you know that they abandoned
you right what no they didn't they'd
never do something like that it's it's
just a misunderstanding they're looking
for me no they're not the other dog
chimed in we've been through this too
turned out both of them were in the same
situation rocky said that one day his
loving family just packed their bags got
in the car and drove away leaving him
behind
just like my Jenny did an Oscar was born
in a big house along with his brothers
and sisters he was an awkward puppy and
didn't understand everything as fast as
his siblings so before he realized what
was going on his humans left him on the
street as well so now it was official
and Michael really did just throw me
away like a piece of garbage to be
honest that was the most awful feeling
in the world and these two knew exactly
how I felt how could people we love so
much betray us like that but we still
loved our humans just hope they'd come
find us we couldn't hate them that's
just impossible for us dogs from that
moment on me
rocky and Oscar became best friends
every morning every single one of us
went in different directions to find
something good like food or something to
keep us warm at night we had each
other's backs looked out for the people
with nets that tried to take us away in
their big van and stuck together like a
real team actually like a family one of
her favorite spots to check for food was
outside this little diner Jenny and
Michael sometimes went to places like
that one day a human lady noticed me in
the corner as she was throwing out some
food by that time I had learned that
unfortunately not all humans are nice
some of them couldn't wait for me to get
out of their space or yelled at me to
get but this lady just gave me a huge
smile and said you hungry little guy
wait just a sec then she came back with
a little plate of the tastiest looking
piece of meat I'd ever seen but what if
it was a trap I didn't move she smiled
again and said you don't have to be
afraid of me but if you're scared I'll
just leave it right here as soon as she
left I ate it up in one bite
completely forgetting about my buddies
it was the best food I'd had in weeks
still I found some other great snacks
around and brought them to my friends
for dinner I kept going back to that
diner and I found out that this lady was
named Alison and she was a cook there
but I didn't want to come closer to her
every day she told me one fact about
herself left food for me and went back
to her kitchen after some time I
realized that I trusted her enough to
take the food right away she was really
surprised but
smiled at me as always and Pat me on the
back then one day she looked at me and
asked listen buddy would you like to
come live with me you look like you
really need a home I was so surprised
overwhelmed and happy at the same time I
could only lick her hand to say that I
really wanted to that day she took me to
her small but cozy apartment and we've
been best buds ever since Alison and I
live in the same neighborhood as the
alley I spent my nights in so I
sometimes see my old buddies rocky and
Oscar but fortunately they're still out
on the streets because they haven't met
their Alison yet but they still believe
that everything will change and they'll
eventually find someone who loves them
and I just hope that one day I'll see
them walking next to their favorite
human sites and looking happy again so
what do you think about my story tell me
in the comment section below don't
forget to give this video a like share
it with your friends and click Subscribe
stay on the bright side of life